Update quickstart to use serve (#10549)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

        </div>

### Step 3: Write a flow

The fastest way to get started with Prefect is to add a `@flow` decorator to any Python function and call its `serve` method to create a deployment. Flows are the core observable, deployable units in Prefect and are the primary entrypoint to orchestrated work. Deployments elevate flows to remotely configurable entities that have their own API, as we will see shortly.

> Here is an example flow named `"Repo Info"` that contains two [tasks](/concepts/tasks/), which are the smallest unit of observed and orchestrated work in Prefect):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example flow named "Repo Info" that contains two [tasks](/concepts/tasks/), which are the smallest unit of observed and orchestrated work in Prefect:
```

### Step 3: Write a flow

> The fastest way to get started with Prefect is to add a `@flow` decorator to any Python function and call its `serve` method to create a deployment.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fastest way to get started with Prefect is to add a `@flow` decorator to any Python function to turn it into a flow, an observable, deployable piece of work that can be run remotely via a schedule or a remote based trigger.  
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should make some attempt to explain what a flow is.

Author: Makes sense, let me think about what to say here

> Here is an example flow named `"Repo Info"` that contains two tasks ([tasks](/concepts/tasks/) are the smallest unit of observed and orchestrated work in Prefect):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example flow named `"Repo Info"` that contains two tasks ([tasks](/concepts/tasks/), which are the smallest unit of observed and orchestrated work in Prefect):
```

    contributors = response.json()
    return contributors

@flow(name="Repo Info", log_prints=True)
def repo_info(repo_owner: str = "PrefectHQ", repo_name: str = "prefect"):
    """
    Given a GitHub repository, logs the number of stargazers
    and contributors for that repo.
    """
    repo_info = get_repo_info(repo_owner, repo_name)
    print(f"Stars 🌠 : {repo_info['stargazers_count']}")

    contributors = get_contributors(repo_info)
    print(f"Number of contributors 👷: {len(contributors)}")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # create your first deployment
    repo_info.serve(name="my-first-deployment")
```

> Notice that we can write standard Python code within our flow _or_ within our tasks, depending on the level of control and observability we want to give Prefect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that we can write standard Python code within our flow _or_ within our tasks, depending on the level of control and observability we want.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we are giving the observability to ourselves

> Notice that we can write standard Python code within our flow _or_ within our tasks, depending on the level of control and observability we want to give Prefect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that we can write standard Python code within our flow _or_ break it down into component tasks, depending on the level of control and observability we want to give Prefect.
```

> ### Step 4: Create a Deployment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Create a deployment
```

> When we run this script, Prefect will automatically create a flow deployment that we can interact with via the UI and API; note that this process must stay running in order for your runs to be picked up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we run this script, Prefect will automatically create a flow deployment that you can interact with via the UI and API. The script will say running so that it can listen for scheduled or triggered runs of this flow.
```

> When we run this script, Prefect will automatically create a flow deployment that you can interact with via the UI and API. The script will stay running so that it can listen for scheduled or triggered runs of this flow.

Reviewer 4: Something that isn't immediately obvious until taking a second to think about it—the flow runs on the infra where you run the `serve` method. I think it would be worth calling this out explicitly. The purpose is to get the gears turning of anyone reading this that it can be run on a remote machine and not be local, and is easily transferrable between the two.

Author: Makes sense, will update

<div class="terminal">
```bash
prefect deployment run 'Repo Info/my-first-deployment'  
```
</div> 

This command creates a new run for this deployment that is then picked up by the process running `repo_info.serve`.

![Flow run timeline](/img/ui/flow-run-diagram.jpg)

!!! tip "Getting started tips"
    - You can call your flow function directly like any other Python function and its execution will be registered and monitored with the Prefect API and visible in the UI
    - [Flows](/concepts/flows) can be called inside of other flows (Prefect designates these ["subflows"](/concepts/flows/#composing-flows)) but a task _cannot_ be run inside of another task or from outside the context of a flow
    - Elevating a flow to a [deployment](/concepts/deployments/) exposes a Prefect-backed API for remotely managing and configuring your workflow with things such as [scheduling rules](/concepts/schedules/), [trigger rules](/cloud/automations/), and cancellation 
    - Deployments require that flow functions are defined in static files, and therefore calling the `serve` method on an interactively defined flow will raise an error

### Step 5: Add a schedule

> We can now begin configuring our deployment as we like - for example, let's add a schedule to our deployment.  We could do this in one of two ways:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We can now configure our deployment as we like - for example, let's add a schedule to our deployment.  We could do this in one of two ways:
```

- use the Prefect UI to create and attach the schedule

> - specify our schedule in code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- specify the schedule in code
```

> If you can manage it, it is generally best practice to try and keep all of your configuration defined within code, so let's update the script above to specify a schedule:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's generally best practice to keep your configuration defined within code, so let's update the script above to specify a schedule:
```
